Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Morn. you said ten minutes.
No. I said.
"When I've warmed up."
-Mom!
-Agnes. indoor voice.
We're not "indoors."
Yes. but there are
other guests here.
Hey.
Is this chair free?
No. yeah. Sure.
Super. Super.
- Signore.
- Thank you. Graz/e.
That's for you. kid.
Get it down your neck.
-Thank you.
-Cheers. my dears. To us.
We're on our holiday now.
You want a beer?
It's a little early.
But if you want one...
Nah. No.
Come on.
We are getting in it.
Please don't give Agnes
any apple juice before bed.
Si. signora.
'And Y0U've got Hoppy?
- You've got my number?
- Si.
Okay.
Love you. sweetheart.
- Love you.
- Kay. Bye.
- Bye.
- Ciao.
I swear. that bunny.
We need to stage an intervention.
And start World War III?
Look. she's with a stranger
in a strange place.
-and he makes her feel safe.
-Yeah. well. she's 11.
P Why isn't anybody... a“
Ben!
Can we agree not to sit
next to the Danish couple this eve?
If I have to hear one more word
about their "cooking class..
Today.
we made the ravioli can fungh/I
You should come
to the class tomorrow
because I believe
they're making the gnocchi.
It's gonna be great
and you will love Giorgio.
who teaches us.
He knows everything about Italian food
and he even invented
some variations of these courses.
You know. there's twenty...
Geez! 46 euros for risotto?
- Dad!
- What?
Agnes. keep your voice down.
I can't-- I can't find Hoppy.
Okay. honey. let's calm down. okay?
Did you leave him in the car or...
No. no. I think I had him at the church.
All right. All right.
Don't worry. we'll find him. okay?
-All right?
-It's okay. baby. It's okay.
Here. Daddy's gonna find him.
Come on. let's go sit down.
-No. wait. I'm not--
-I can't handle another meltdown. okay?
Louise. I'm--
Come on. Let's sit down.
Let's do some breathing.
Fucking bunny!
Okay. Breathe in.
One. two. three. hold.
Con/g/io?
-No? Con/'g/io?
-No.
Grazie. Grazie.
Whoops. sorry!
Whoa!
It's so bumpy.
Watch out. watch out. watch out.
Dad!
LOOK. they found Hoppy.
- Yeah. Ant.
- Great!
- He recognized him from the hotel.
- This is my husband. Ben.
Yeah. I think I stole your lounger.
Yeah.
Yeah. I'm Patrick Field.
This is my wife. Ciara.
- Hello. Hi.
- Hey. And. you must be Ant.
Ant has some trouble communicating.
so he can be a bit insecure.
-Hi. Ant.
-That's fine.
-This is Agnes.
-And this is Hoppy.
He's my worry bunny.
He smells really nice.
Aw.
- Nice Vespa.
- Yeah. isn't she?
We got her from Paulo on the front desk.
It's an absolute blast. You should try.
- No.
- Can we? Please. Dad?
-Honey. Honey. please.
-What. you don't ride?
-I mean. I can take you.
-Yeah.
Do you have helmets?
I promise. I'll be really. really safe.
-But legally...
-I won't call the fun police if you don't.
Come on. Please?
It's hard to say no.
isn't it?
- Okay. Give me your...
- Yes.
Yay!
-Just hold on tight. okay?
-Yeah.
-A|| right. you're holding on?
- All right. We'll go nice and slow. okay?
- Yes.
See you guys in a sec.
-Hold on tight!
-See ya!
- Here we go. Bye!
- Bye!
She's doing all right.
She's a natural!
Ooh.
No. She'll be fine.
Whoa! That was a bit crazy.
Nailed it!
Yeah.
-That was so much fun!
-You did great.
-Say "Thank you" to Mr. Field.
-Thank you!
No. "Paddy." please.
-Thank you. Paddy.
-You've got it. Anytime.
-So. listen. you guys eaten lunch yet?
-Yeah. So much fun.
No. we...
No? We were thinking
we were gonna hang out
with that really interesting
Danish couple.
-You know the ones?
-Did we?
We're just messing around.
But. seriously. there is
a really nice place around the corner.
So we make the decision
that we're gonna move to London.
Fly over. find an apartment...
I'm hiring great new people. and then...
...global economy tanks.
I get a call from Chicago.
"Ben. about that UK office
we wanted you to set up..
Man. that's gotta
be a kick in the balls.
Yeah. They gave me
a good severance.
Yeah? That's redundancy.
And. Louise. do you work?
I do. Yeah.
I'm. I'm in PR.
Or |-- I was. I am. I. um...
I don't have quite
the same network in London.
Yeah. we're still finding our way.
But we've decided to stay
in London because we love it.
We're two hours from here.
Paris. or Rome...
The West Country!
I don't think we've made it
out there yet.
W hat? My! naughs]
Right. That's it. then.
You have to come and visit.
Really. it's beautiful.
-Yeah. that'd be great.
-Yeah?
-Yeah!
-Done.
Well. all right. then.
So. what you got?
You got another job lined up. or...
Well. I'm still processing.
Look. I remember
before I quit my practice. I--
- What was I like?
- Miserable.
-I was miserable.
-You're a lawyer?
No. Doctor.
But now. I do a little bit of work
with Médec/ns Sans Front/éres. and I'm...
- Yeah. he is so much happier.
- Wow!
I'm so much happier.
Anyway. this Iag/iala is delicious.
-How's your polenta? Looks a bit dry.
-No. it's fine.
So. you're a vegetarian?
For animal welfare or personal health?
Yeah. For health benefits
and the animal welfare.
-and the environment.
-No. no. you don't have to go on.
It's the future.
Mom! Can we go play on the swing?
- Yeah.
- Don't you want a dessert?
No. no. She's already had
her ice cream for today.
Wow. You guys are tough.
Ant. you can play but stay
where we can see you. Okay?
And don't disturb anyone. okay?
That's all right.
The Italians love children.
Not like the French.
It's so great for Ant
to find a friend to play with.
At the hotel. the other families' kids
all seem to know each other.
And. well. Ant struggles.
-Um. ..
-Could I?
He. urn... He has a condition.
Congenital aglossia.
Urn. layman's terms. he was born
with a much smaller tongue than you or I.
Makes it hard for him
to communicate.
But look! These two.
they're getting on great guns.
Shame they can't stay
this age forever.
- Shit. The Danes.
- No!
Hey!
He's seen us.
He's totally seen us.
All right. go with me on this.
Torsten...
-Yeah?
-Hey!
'Hi! 'Hey h u guys eaten?
-No. we haven't.
-Do you want to come join us?
Actually. we could use your help
with a. quite important debate.
Yeah?
Sorry. this food is so rich.
We're debating toilet paper protocols.
So. to scrunch or to fold?
What do you do?
I don't know.
All right. Well. Louise is fold.
Ciara is scrunch.
But you see. Ben and I.
we worry that if you fold.
you risk a puncture
and you get a bit of poo on your finger.
So. what should we do?
Get another three chairs?
No. no. We were actually just looking
to make a reservation for later. so...
All right. man. Urn. okay.
Well. see you guys back at the ranch.
Yeah.
-Bye. then.
-See yo use.
What?
Paddy. you're terrible.
-Terrible!
-You do not know the half of it.
A hundred percent sure.
Was it last year or the year before
we went there?
Yeah.
Torsten! You haven't said.
fold or scrunch?
Man.
I know. I'm really so--
I'm really sorry.
Anyway. sorry. mate. Here we go.
Tre...
W“ Due...
Uno...
- To new friends!
God!
Remind me why
we live in London again?
Come on! Go inside. Let's go!
All right.
Good night. honey.
And Hoppy.
Hon. you don't remember
our agreement?
Hoppy gets his own room
before Christmas.
All right?
You're almost 12 years old.
Love you.
I love you too.
I don't think Hoppy's getting
his own room before Christmas.
I mean. Louise. do you think
we should worry about--
Ben... She'll hear you.
It's probably better that she does.
Are you okay?
I got a call from the headhunter today.
I didn't get it.
Honey. I'm sorry.
It's Penny.
Agnes's math tutor.
You want to read it?
No.
Goddamn.
Look who wrote us. Your friend.
"Ciao. Ben and Louise.
We so miss our amazing
week together in Italy.
You really must come visit the farm.
What do you say?
A long weekend of Devon air.
fresh food. and long walks.
Ant sends Agnes good vibes.
He really misses her."
Very sweet.
Hey.
Maybe this would be good for her.
For us.
You know. change of scenery.
Yeah.
It's maybe a bit long to spend
with people we barely know?
Yeah. You're probably right.
anyways...
You know what? I think we should go.
-Yeah?
-Yeah. It'll be fun.
Yeah?
Gosh!
Look at that!
Yeah! Look at that.
Are you sure
we didn't miss the turn?
I don't know. We haven't seen
the war memorial yet.
Ben. please don't get angry.
I'm not angry.
C-Can you call them?
-Or ask or...
-There's still no...
War memorial! Left! Left. left. left!
Baby“.
We're here.
Get me out of this car.
-Hey. hey!
-Hey!
-You made it!
-Hi!
- We thought you were lost!
- Well. we thought we were lost.
No. we didn't.
-Ciara. good to see you.
-Good to see you. darling.
Come on. we'll get you in.
Wow.
Sorry. Shoes.
No. you can leave them on.
don't worry.
- Sorry for the mess.
- No.
-Shall we pop your bag in your room?
-Yeah.
-Wow.
-You like it?
Wow. this place.
innit? Let me get you a drink.
Ooh.
-Very steep.
-Here we go.
Wow!
Cozy.
Cider. From our very own
farm apples.
-That's the good stuff. right?
-Strong.
Paughs]
Just you wait till you try
our Calvados. It's 150 proof.
Ant? It's Agnes.
-Say hi to Ant. sweetie.
-Hi. Ant.
He's just a little shy.
Look. Agnes.
we made you a little bed.
Do you like it?
Yes. It's great.
Ant. it's time for dinner.
-Come down when you're ready.
-Yeah.
And we got you this.
A candle. You shouldn't have.
This is a feu de bo/s.
It's the scent of a log fireplace.
That's good. we can stick it
next to the log fireplace.
And for the football fan... Hut. hut!
Ben.
Ben. you shouldn't have. man.
- Please.
- Ant. Ant. what do we say?
That's my boy.
I'm coming for you. boy.
Trying to get him to play
more contact sports. you know?
It's good-- It's good.
It's good for them. you know.
they need that outlet.
God. I used to love a tear up. man.
What about you? You play ball?
Yeah. I mean. a little. I--
- Yeah?
- Whoa. whoa.
My reactions ain't
what they used to be either.
Right. Rosse arance d/ S/cfi/a...
That's Italian blood oranges.
but look at the color in those.
Wow.
You are VIP guests.
When Paddy heard you were coming.
he butchered Libby. our prize goose.
and has been hanging her in the outhouse.
She was some bird. Libby.
Regal girl.
Real queen of the farmyard.
you know?
I mean. what was she like?
She had...
-She had personality.
-.. .personality.
-Ta-da!
-Libby a lbrange.
All right.
the old man's carving forks.
Sous chef. if you please.
- Just to--
- Raised with love.
Free range.
Our wheat. Our grass.
Our orchards.
And now... Louise.
My love. Our gift to you.
My God. That is so-- I--
-lt's just a tiny morsel.
-I'll try it.
Well.
we thought for the lady.
it's the best part of the roast.
Really crispy. and yet somehow manages
to be soft all at the same time.
It's good.
- It's okay?
- Very good.
Can I... can I help out with anything?
What a gent.
Yeah. that would be great.
Serving platters. second shelf.
Just 'round there.
- Thanks.
- Thank you.
Ant. come on. mate.
Bedtime. Chop-chop.
That's my boy.
- Kids. right?
- Yeah.
Geez. Are those original to the house?
Yeah. Keeps the heat in.
keeps the highwaymen out.
Geez. it's so quiet around here.
I mean. do you guys
even have any neighbors?
Yeah. all the way across the valley.
but. you know.
we look after each other.
Ours are across the hall.
and I don't think
we've ever spoken.
Louise. you have a bad neck?
No. it's just something
that flares up sometimes.
Medicinal? It's home grown.
No. thank you. I took a pill.
Modern medicine.
It is amazing.
but too often we treat the symptom.
We don't treat the cause.
You know. technology's
advanced incredibly.
But emotionally speaking.
we're all still just...
...cave dwellers.
So all this perfect life.
Instagram. Facebook bullshit...
Everybody talking. but nobody
being honest. it's left us...
I don't know. impatient and stressy.
The Internet's been down a half a day
and I've nearly bloody killed him. so...
I love it out here.
It's digital detox.
You know. get away
from London for a while.
- Yeah.
- Is he-- Is he all right?
- No. no. he's fine.
- Yeah.
Urn. he'll crash in a minute.
He does this sometimes.
It's just part of his condition.
- He's not in pain?
- No.
- No. No. no. no. No pain.
- Okay.
-You know. I'm just gonna check on Agnes.
-Yeah.
Wait. no. no. no.
He's conked.
Wow.
You should have
said something to him.
They killed Libby. the golden goose.
I was trying to make an effort.
I know. I know.
-What?
Ben. do you think
these have been washed?
Maybe we should say something.
No. honey. That is an old stain.
Look. we're in the country. all right?
Our normal isn't their normal.
They're just a bit more.
I don't know. unvarnished.
You don't think it's weird
for a doctor to live in a house like this?
Look. this isn't America. all right?
-He does nonprofit work.
-I know it's not America.
And they probably choose
to spend their money
on less material things. you know?
Like vacation.
Do you have any idea what the inside
of Downton Abbey actually looks like?
It's a shithole.
thank you for making the effort.
You're welcome.
Hello? Hi. baby.
I can't fall back asleep.
- Honey. That's all right.
- That's okay. Come on.
-Let me get your breathing app going.
-No. no. no. I have it here.
Come on. Come in bed. baby.
Come on. come with Morn.
Can we keep the light on?
- No.
- No. honey.
Here we go. Okay.
We just need to calm down.
Settle in.
I promise you guys.
it's gonna be a great weekend.
♪” Awake ♪”
5* Awake. sweet England a“
♪" Sweet Eng/and now awake ♪”
P And to the land obediently a“
a“ And let us all partake a“
Have a look in there. What's that?
♪” For our future... ♪”
That's called "gills."
♪" ...calling... ♪”
A“ All in the skies so clear S'
♪" So resound... ♪”
Be careful. That's really sharp.
It's fire thorn.
Don't want you getting hurt.
do we?
A“ ...always near... a“
So you just gotta start slowly.
It has to warm up.
All right.
A“ And to this living story. let us sing 3*
Wait. wait. see? You see?
Ooh.
Cheeky bastard.
- You should have brought your rifle?
- Yeah.
I'm glad you didn't.
An American
who doesn't like guns?
Well. I saw my share growing up.
If unchecked. foxes.
they kill all the ground nesting birds.
Predator control is essential to a...
-Balanced ecosystem.
-. ..balanced ecosystem.
It is.
Yes. I'm sure
a factory-made firearm is nature's way
of keeping that delicate balance.
Morn?
Excuse me.
Look at this.
You... Ant?
Do you think you could move. honey.
so that Agnes can have a swing?
Hello.
Urn. do you mind asking Ant if he'll move?
Just that Agnes wants to have a go.
- Come on. pal.
- Just for a second.
- Give you a piggyback. yeah?
- Come on.
Goon
I'd have felt the back
of my dad's hand by now.
Paddy. Paddy. It's okay.
you don't-- you don't have to.
It's all right. it's all right.
You want to. don't you. mate?
Go on. Give Agnes a push. Good boy.
Come on. that is not a push.
There. that's my boy.
You flaring up?
-Yeah. it's just a--
-May I?
Go on. loosen your knees.
Wow.
Yeah.
Your levator scapulae is like a rope.
Can we just--
Yeah.
I know what you need.
Cold water therapy.
Clinically proven to reduce
inflammation and... Anyone?
Boost the immune system.
Yeah.
Well. we didn't bring our swimsuits.
That's all right.
You can keep your knickers on.
What happened?
Urn...
It got a little bit
out of hand last night.
I fell off a ladder.
picking apples.
Come on. you lot. Get your kit off.
I promise we'll whack up
the heating in the car afterwards
and we will be warm again in no time.
You shouldn't be shy. Louise.
Got a great body.
- Thank you.
- Yeah.
Right. Make sure when
you jump out. clear the rocks.
All right. And. Agnes.
jump with your dad. yeah?
- Ready? In three. two...
- Hold on. One second.
Sorry. sorry.
Is it safe? Is it deep enough?
Yeah. I've done it hundreds of times.
Since I was her age.
Yeah. just mind you clear the rocks.
All right. in three. two. one. Go!
- Whoo!
- {Ant Coughing. gasping]
-Go on. boy!
-Paddy. can he swim?
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
Same way I learned. Sink or swim.
He'll be fine.
Go on. Ant.
My God. can Ant...
can Ant swim?
Don't worry.
Paddy's got him. Shall we?
Um...
You go ahead.
Okay.
VVhoo!
- Come on. Louise.
- Go. Louise!
- Come on. jump. jump. jump-
-Come on. jump!
Jump! Jump!
Jump! Jump! Jump! Jump!
Geez!
God!
That's a fucking fire hazard.
Look. Louise...
Do you want to take a nap?
Yeah. in their dirty bed?
Okay. let's everybody just...
I'm sorry.
I am trying. I really. really am. I just...
I don't find them that pleasant
to be around.
Okay.
Maybe we could use my neck
as an excuse?
To leave?
- Hey.
- Hi.
-Am I interrupting?
-N-No.
Well. Paddy and I would like
to invite you for dinner tonight.
Yeah. there's this guy Mike.
he's a bit of a local legend.
Rumor is he's a poacher.
but he's an amazing cook.
And he has this little place
by the sea.
Private room.
like a chef's table type thing.
Wow.
Yeah. and it's super-authentic.
everything fresh. local.
Um...
-Great.
-We'd love to.
She seems really unpleasant.
Okay. I was j--
Hey. let's... let's try and reboot.
All right?
Remember what Nadine said?
Let's not make the perfect
the enemy of the good.
I hope they have French fries.
Well. I'm sure they will have chips.
because that's what they're called here.
Wow!
You look like a million bucks.
Thank you. You look lovely.
You know what
they say. man.
Happy wife. happy life.
We don't actually shop that often.
I mean. our philosophy...
Spend wisely on the things that last.
Yeah. that last. like a watch
or a ring or a memory.
Like Italy.
Yeah. and everything's
so disposable now.
so "fast fashion."
Isn't Ant coming?
Hey. Muhj! Here he is.
So Muhjid doesn't speak the best English.
but he's a great babysitter.
Hello.
You're-- ...
The--
Are the kids not coming with us?
No. tonight's without
the kids. Didn't I tell you that?
Muhj had to flee
the war in Syria.
His hometown. Horns. just obliterated.
God. I'm so sorry.
Thank you. sir.
Poor bugger. he's stuck in
the asylum system. Can't officially work.
Don't worry.
he's thoroughly trustworthy.
Back home. he was a teacher.
He's great with kids.
The whole neighborhood feels the same.
And not just
'cause he's cheap.
Yeah. and the best part is
if there's any monkey business.
we'll get him deported.
Brother. have a great night.
Come. Come with me.
Let me show you. Come.
So do you think we should
leave her with him?
We've had nannies before.
and he was a teacher.
Come on. Louise.
let's go have a good time.
- Okay. Bye. baby.
- Hey. guys! Corning?
Come. Come. come.
A“ And I need a“
a“ And I lust a'
♪“ Animal ♪“
Hey. Paddy.
-Are we almost there?
-Very soon.
Wow. Wow. this place.
My God.
Yep. America's that way.
dinner's that way.
The good news is.
we're the only diners tonight.
- It's so cute.
- Yep.
Not gonna find this on Yelp.
Mike goes out at night on his own.
sources all the food.
Incredible chef. He's...
You should taste his game pie.
It's like...
Amazing.
But just to remember.
I'm a vegetarian.
Wait. yesterday.
I know. I'm--
- I should have said something.
- I just. |--
You guys had gone to
so much trouble...
Mate. mate. I feel like such an idiot.
- I'm so sorry.
- It was okay.
- Yeah. it was okay.
- Okay?
-Really. don't worry about it.
-Great. But you do still eat fish. yeah?
-Yes.
-Great.
But... fish is not a meat?
Of course. But. you know.
it's better for the environment.
Yeah. but the way that
industrial fishing treats the oceans...
That is why I fund raise
for sustainable fishing
and for eco-labeling on packaging...
That kind of pescetarianism
is a privilege.
Absolutely. but that's
not a reason not to do it.
What if
you can't afford line-caught?
Well. surely you're not advocating
we all eat factory meat.
Rather than. you know.
Libby.
It's... complicated. Can we agree?
It is. It's complicated.
It is really complicated.
And complicated is good.
Too many people these days are afraid
of honest debate. aren't they?
We're all too fucking polite.
- Look at this sucker.
- There you go.
Now. we trust that this is
sustainably sourced seafood. Mike.
Yeah. well. it's done with Devon butter.
wild samphire.
forest foraged mushrooms.
cooked in sustainable Devon cream.
Fantastic.
Not the poisonous ones. right?
-We can trust you. Mike?
-Now. that would be telling. wouldn't it?
Right. Pot time.
24... 25...
26...
Under the bed.
Wluhjid] 27...
28...
- 29. ..
- Whoa.
That's a lot of watches.
30!
Ready or not. here I come.
I don't understand.
Hello...
Where are you. little creatures?
You know. they say you either
become like your parents
or you go the opposite way. right?
I never met mine.
Hey. that's their loss. baby.
Their loss.
Mine were. if you'll excuse the French.
a couple of cunts.
So. you went the other way or...
They fuck you up.
your mum and dad.
They may not mean to.
but they do.
They fill you with the faults they had.
then add some extra just for you.
They were fucked-up in their turn
by fools in old-style hats and coats
that half the time were soppy-stern
and half at one another's throats.
Man hands on misery to man.
It deepens like a coastal shelf.
Get out as early as you can
and don't have any kids yourself.
Hey...
Baby“.
She fucking...
She rescued me. this one.
Saved me from the pit.
Straightened me out.
And it's been what now?
Seventeen years.
- Seventeen years!
- Wow!
You get less for murder.
And. you know. we still...
You know? Every day.
Every day?
Fuck! Ben's lucky
if he gets it once a month.
What?
Well. you've got to work at it.
I know...
I mean. sometimes we role play.
- Yeah. Yeah.
- No.
Seriously.
Teacher and student.
Rock star and fan.
Strangers at a bar.
Horny waitress and hot customer.
My God.
Sir...
How was your food?
It was tasty.
but I do like more spice.
- Do you?
- Yeah.
Stop it.
Well. maybe for dessert.
we can go for something off menu.
Yes. please.
No!
Sir. I think
you've dropped your napkin.
Fuck!
I'll just slip under the table and...
sort that out for you.
Yeah.
Fuck.
{Paddy grunts]
We were not really.
I love this woman.
Love her!
What is the biggest
sexual organ in the body?
The brain.
What we can imagine is infinitely
more sexy than what we can do.
Just keeps it fresh.
Which is why we both like to...
dine out sometimes.
Yeah.
We think it's healthy.
Healthy.
My God! I love this tune.
Mike. bang it up. will you?
MY dear?
So she was how old when they met?
Louise. don't go there.
a“ Mississippi in the middle
Ofa dry spell... P
paughs]
-That is punchy.
-Paddy.
-Worth every penny. Mike.
-Paddy. We'll pitch--
That's very kind of you. man.
We'll get the car. okay?
Thank you. kind sir.
Ant. what are you doing?
God! Ant. what did you do?
How did you get those?
She's an angel.
New book?
Yeah. Urn.
Paddy recommended it.
Wow. you guys should
go off together.
What?
Or I could just switch rooms
if you like?
Louise. what the fuck
is wrong with you?
What?
Why would you say that
after everything
that we've been through?
Hey. I was joking.
Yeah. No. but you do it
all the time.
Belittling me.
Saying that I'm lucky to get laid?
Ben. that was a joke.
Yeah. but it's not fucking funny!
Not when you're sexting a dad
at your daughter's school
like a fucking teenager!
-Ben. please.
-Well. think about it.
How does that make me feel
when you say that?
I know. And I have said
that I'm sorry a thousand times.
But I don't know what to do anymore.
I mean. it's been six months.
We've been over this with Nadine
a thousand times.
Yeah. that it's my fault.
-No. I take responsibility for my actions.
-You're just unhappy.
-But you-- You are so angry.
-Yes!
For seeing another man's dick...
...on my wife's phone.
Please. Listen.
I'm not excusing that.
But you were angry
long before that. okay?
You are so bitter at the world
for not giving you
what you think you deserve.
that you don't see all the things
in front of you.
You can't turn this all on me.
I moved to London for you.
I upended my life.
I lost my job. I lost my house.
I lost everything that makes me. me...
for you.
And when you lost your job.
I agreed to stay and help you
and support you
and keep your life running smoothly
so that you could have access
to all of Europe.
But where the fuck
is my access to my husband?
You know. I don't know if you're with me
because you love me
or because you just can't stand to fail.
Louise. I'm...
I do care.
I'm...
I'm really trying.
Yes. We both are.
Let's...
please...
be friends.
Look. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Agnes. baby...
{door bangs]
-Ben.
Ben!
What?
-We're leaving.
-What?
Morn? Where's Hoppy?
|-- I don't know.
Did you have him when we left?
I don't think so.
- Sweetie. he's not there.
- I want Hoppy.
Agnes. you gotta grow out of this.
You're almost 12 years old.
Ben. it's not helpful. Just--
Listen. when we get home.
we'll ask them to mail him. okay?
He'll get hurt like Ant.
Honey. Ant's not hurt.
He was born like that.
We'll buy another Hoppy.
No. I need my Hoppy!
-Agnes. please calm down. okay? Breathe.
-They're going to do that do Hoppy!
Agnes!
Hey! Enough!
Hey.
My God!
Jesus!
You okay? Are you okay?
We can't leave him there.
They're gonna do that to Happy.
I can't breathe! I can't breathe!
All right. I'll be right back.
What if they're awake?
Louise. just give me two minutes.
Okay?
Okay.
Be right back. okay? Okay?
Louise. urn. just go back to the car.
I'll be there in two minutes.
Look. like I said.
we didn't wanna. like. wake you...
What's going on?
We've got a bit of a situation.
Someone was leaving
without saying goodbye.
No. look. I was just saying to Paddy...
we had such a good time.
Well. then I've gotta ask again.
"Wait. why did you leave?"
Be honest.
Look. look.
Some things happened
that made us feel like it was best
that we head back home.
What things? I think we deserve to know.
Agnes doesn't like sleeping on the floor.
and so she comes into the room at night.
and the bed's really small...
I'm sorry that our house isn't huge
and that Agnes doesn't feel comfortable
in Ant's room but--
No! She was in your bed!
- What?
- Yeah!
- Who? What?
- Our daughter was in your bed.
-Yes. I'm sorry. Okay?
-Ciara?
Paddy was asleep for the whole thing.
That's my fault. okay?
I'm sorry.
But that is crossing a line!
-I mean. that is not okay.
-It's my fault. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I... Look. I know I can be
overprotective as a mother.
What does that have to do with it?
-We had a baby daughter.
-No!
And. urn. she died at 12 weeks
of a cot death.
We would've been the perfect family.
So. hearing Agnes crying.
it just...
So. she was just-- She was--
She kept calling for you.
and you didn't come.
and she was beside herself.
scratching herself and...
And you weren't there. so...
Look. you know how hard it is
trying to decide when to intervene
and when to give them space.
and I'm--
I'm so sorry if I got it wrong.
I'm so sorry.
-Ciara... I didn't know.
-We're-- Like. we are...
Morn! Ant found him!
Good.
Good boy. Good boy.
What's he saying?
I think he's trying to say
he's sad you're leaving because...
'cause he wanted to show you the chickens.
Can we?
Hey. you remember that time.
the first time you came to stay
and you tried to leave
'cause you flipped out in the night
and you didn't say goodbye?
They look sweet together.
don1they?
We wanted another.
But...
After two miscarriages...
Life can be
so fucking unfair. Sorry.
I don't understand.
Ant. I can't read it.
How are your eggs coming along?
Good.
Let's see.
These are great.
I think. Agnes. that yours is the best.
A“ Close your eyes a“
♪" Give me your hand. darling ♪“
a“ Do you feel my heart beating? S“
a“ Do you understand? a“
a“ Do you feel the same? a“
♪" Am I only dreaming ? ♪"
♪" Is this burning ♪"
a“ An eternal flame? a“
But it made no sense.
It was gobbledygook.
-Can I see it?
-He ate it.
I think he's going through a lot.
and we need to be kind.
No. something's not right with him.
Agnes. sometimes
it's okay to think things.
but you can't actually say them.
Morn! It's not normal!
Agnes. love.
wanna come help me peel these?
Got some nice carrots in here.
Sorry. man.
Here. give me that.
Here we go.
It's not even about the kill for me.
It's always been about the hunt.
You know?
Getting them in the crosshairs.
luring the fish onto the hook.
that's the game.
That's what I live for.
Look. maybe this isn't
my place. but...
last night.
we heard you two shouting.
I'm sorry. man.
You know.
cheating is really hard to get over.
Louise didn't actually. It was--
It was just text.
Whatever she did. thought crime
or whatever-- just. who cares?
All this... all this
in here...
That's gonna eat you alive.
You gotta let it out.
Will you let me show you something?
I'm starving!
- And you do it four times...
- Could eat a horse!
Could eat a Ciara.
Oi. oi. come on. Careful. kids. all right?
You knock over one of your mother's
sculptures and there will be hell to pay.
-Have you shown them these?
-No.
Guys. have you seen this?
This is Ciara's. One of many.
It's called "Mother's Love."
Wow.
- Yeah? Yeah.
- God.
-One of many.
-Ciara. those are stunning.
-Wow.
-I mean. it's just a hobby.
Hey. don't put yourself down.
That's my job.
Louise. thank you so much
for helping with the cooking.
-Yeah. of course.
-Paddy.
Morn. Morn. Can Ant and I
show you our dance?
- Ye--
- Maybe after lunch. sweetie.
Actually. Agnes. could you
set the table for me. please?
Yeah. Go ahead. Agnes.
Show Ciara how good you are
at setting the table.
- God. Honey. run it under the tap.
- What happened?
-You okay?
-You all right?
Hey. um. Paddy. can you come
take a look at this?
Yeah. sure.
Thank God there's a doctor in the house.
I'm not a doctor.
What?
Well... Well. didn't you say
you were a doctor?
Did I?
In Italy. y<>u~
Look. sometimes
when I meet new people. I...
I'll get a little bit self-conscious.
You know?
He just wants to make
a good impression.
Yeah.
What do you do then?
Well. I don't do anything.
Like... anything?
No. Well. I don't work.
I don't believe in it.
-Yeah. we get by. right?
-Yeah.
Yeah. we sell a bit of marijuana.
drop a bit of cider to the locals.
Let's get that fixed.
Where's the plasters?
My God.
Look at their faces.
You should have
taken a picture.
Of course I'm a bloody doctor.
We totally had them.
-We totally had you. right?
-Well. yeah. I mean--
You fuckin' asshole.
Come on.
how else could we afford all this?
Come here.
- Here. try that.
- What is this?
They say it smells like
a rugby club locker room.
Yeah. right?
Agnes. love?
You have to eat your vegetables.
Eat your greens. sweetheart.
And. Agnes?
We don't chew with our mouths open.
Gorgonzola. Camembert.
Emmental. you can keep it.
Stinking Bishop is number one.
- Never had it.
- Get it.
Agnes?
Please. could you stop
telling my daughter what to do?
But she needs to be told.
Yes. but you're not her mother.
I'm her mother.
But you do agree. right?
That it's disgusting
eating with my mouth open.
Yeah. But it's for her parents
to tell her.
-Is that the rule?
-Yeah.
No. Ciara grew up
in the care system.
All the kids parenting each other.
doing what they were told.
I mean. she doesn't know
the "rules." Sorry.
I didn't mean anything
by it. Louise.
To be fair. though.
you did cross a line for Louise.
You don't criticize other people's
children. You should say sorry.
-It's okay.
-I'm sorry. Louise.
And to Agnes.
I'm sorry. Agnes.
It's okay.
Louise?
Is there anything you'd like to say?
I maybe... overreacted.
Off we go. It's all good.
It's all good. A healthy disagreement.
Teach our kids
we can be honest with each other.
Right. top up.
Agnes. why don't you and Ant
show us your. urn...
your dance routine
y'all have been working on?
- Yes. yes. yes.
- Sure.
Is it all set up.
ready to go in the tape deck?
-Yep.
-A|| right.
You tell me when you're ready.
Ready.
A“ Where did you come from?
Where did you go? a“
♪" Where did you come from
Cotton-E yea' Joe ? ♪"
♪ If it hadn't been for Cotton-Eyed Joe a“
♪” I'd been married a long t/nve ago ♪“
a“ Where did you come from?
Where did you go? a“
♪" Where did you come from
Cotton-E yea' Joe ? ♪"
Ant. what's the matter. mate?
I mean. he's completely out of time
with the music.
No. no. no.
You guys were doing great.
Just start it again.
Yeah. No. start it again.
Sorry about that.
-It's okay.
-Ready?
A“ ...Cotton-Eyed Joe a“
One. two. three...
3* If it hadn't been for Cotton-Eyed Joe... 3*
Fuckin' hell.
P Where did you come from?
Where did... D
Ant? Ant.
What are you doing?
Come on. man. Concentrate. all right?
Hey. Paddy. they're doing great.
Yeah. but he's got no rhythm at all
and he's spoiling the routine.
Paddy. they're just kids.
Listen.
my dad always used to say
you have to work really hard at life.
Otherwise. you will amount to nothing.
Ant. come on. mate. Feel the music.
This is the one. yeah?
P ...did you go? a“
♪" Where did you come from
Cotton-E yea' Joe ? ♪"
3* If it hadn't been for Cotton-Eyed Joe... 3*
Whoo!
A“ Where did you come from?
Where did you go? a“
♪" Where did you come from
Cotton-E yea' Joe ? ♪"
My God. My God!
Ant!
What is wrong with you?
How hard can it be?
Just feel the rhythm in your feet.
Like one. two. three. four.
five. six. seven. eight.
Ant. listen to your dad. please.
Come on. look at Agnes.
Do what she's doing.
She's doing it.
-I don't want to dance anymore.
-Whoa.
- Honey.
- What...
No. she's got to do it.
She's got to come back.
No. she doesn't
want to dance anymore.
Right. Go get your friend. all right?
Come on.
|---
Mate. Mate.
3* If it hadn't been for Cotton-Eyed Joe... 3*
Honey. One more time.
-Ben. she doesn't want to.
-I hear you. I hear you. One more time.
Hey. Hey! Here we go.
Come on. boy.
Let me rewind it.
Come on.
Come on. come on. come on.
Takes ages.
Ready?
♪ If it hadn't been for Cotton-Eyed Joe a“
♪” I'd been married a long t/nve ago ♪“
a“ Where did you come from?
Where did you go? a“
♪" Where did you come from
Cotton-E yea' Joe ? ♪"
God.
♪” I'd been married a long t/nve ago ♪“
a“ Where did you come from?
Where did you go? a“
♪" Where did you come from
Cotton-E yea' Joe ? ♪"
-No! Fuck.
-Paddy!
Agnes. come here.
It's all right. it's all right.
It's all right. boy. It's all right.
You can still do it on your own.
Five. six. seven. eight. Come on.
-Hey. turn it off. Turn it off!
-What?
Is there a problem?
Christ. Paddy. he's a child.
What is wrong with you?
Why are you talking to him like that?
Now you're parenting our child.
Because we do things differently.
Wow.
This is not about
doing things differently.
This is about doing what is right. okay?
I mean. you should be offering your son
some love while he's crying.
-not shouting at him.
-Come on. Paddy. he's just a kid.
Just let him dance.
That was not dancing.
Ant. go to your room.
God. I can't listen
to the way you talk to him.
Go to your room!
'Sm! Enough! Stop it!
-Paddy!
Listen to me.
Dad.
Sorry.
Let me talk to your morn
for just a second. okay?
Jesus Christ.
I want to pack up the car
and I want to leave now.
Okay. just...
Look. Louise. we've had a little bit
too much to drink--
No. I don't care. I want to go.
Okay. Louise. we'll go.
-Just“.
{sobs]
Just let me get some coffee
in me first.
We shouldn't have
come back here. You...
Okay.
Jesus. Ben. you have no problem
standing up to me.
but you won't say shit to him.
Please don'! leave
before Paddy's up.
He'll be so angry.
and it would be better for me and for Ant.
Wait. is it that bad?
If you could just let him save face?
Like a reminder on your phone
of an appointment you can't miss.
God. he's rubbish. isn't he?
-Ant. what is it?
-Shh.
That's your--
My God.
My God!
I need to get my parents alone.
They'll know what to do.
Dad. Play catch?
When I finish my coffee.
Fuck.
All right. shithead.
What's the matter?
Cat caught your tongue?
Coffee. That's a good lad.
Show me.
Show me love.
You're smelling stale. boy.
Fuck.
Now you want a piggyback.
You cheeky sod.
Actually. it'll show everyone
we're still friends.
Come on. Come on.
Hop on.
Fuckin' hell.
what have you been eating?
Come on.
Hey.
I am so sorry.
I just...
drank way too much.
And I was way out of line.
I think we all drank too much.
Where's Agnes?
Here she is.
Hey. honey.
You okay?
Aggie. what's the matter?
You cut yourself?
No.
Okay. that's fine. Come on.
-What's going on?
-I'm gonna take you to the bathroom.
She got her period.
This is all totally normal.
Morn. no. it's not.
Listen. I need a beer.
Do you want one?
No. I'm good.
All right. All right.
Where's this newfound
enthusiasm come from?
Five more minutes. all right?
Go on. Ben.
Put some heat in that arm.
Whoop. Fuck. Wow.
We're gonna leave. right?
Aggie. we're gonna leave.
We just need to stay calm.
How could I stay calm?
What about Ant?
We need to take Ant.
Aggie. listen.
I need you to be brave. okay?
Can you be brave?
Okay. You're gonna stay here
and you're gonna sit tight
and you're gonna lock the door.
Yeah?
-Mom--
-Aggie. lock the door.
Okay?
-Everything all right?
-Yeah. it'll be fine.
She just...
got herself into a bit of a state.
Ben. she asked for you.
He's always better with her
when she's like this.
Sorry about this. guys.
No. no. no. No worries.
Hey.
Can we do anything?
No. it'll be fine. Don't worry.
Okay.
Louise.
Louise. what are you doing?
Everything okay in there?
Yeah. we're all good.
Anything we can get you?
No. no. no.
we'll just be a minute.
We can't let on. Yeah?
We can't look stressed or scared.
We just have to go out there
and be completely normal. Okay?
We've been pretending it's normal since
we got here. This is so not normal.
I can't do this. I can't go out there.
Okay. You're right.
You're right. baby.
It's not normal. and you don't
have to pretend it's normal.
I think that we tell them
that you had your first period. yeah?
And that you're super freaked out.
and even your daddy
couldn't calm you down.
So we just need
to get you home. okay?
No. no. baby. baby.
all those tears are good.
All those anxious thoughts.
you can show them. okay?
Okay-
Yeah. all right. See you soon.
-Hey. how is she?
-Hi.
She's...
Well. she's pretty freaked out.
- Bless her. It's a big day.
- Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. yeah.
She's just totally overwhelmed and...
I think it might be best
if we got her home.
- Yeah.
- . Okay.
Well. does she want to lie down or...
No. |-|-| think she just wants
her own bed. Right. sweetie?
Yeah. I mean-- She'll probably just sleep
in the car to be honest.
It's okay. love.
She's just feeling
a little self-conscious.
There's no need. Perfectly natural.
Yeah.
Yeah. you're not a girl anymore.
You're a woman now.
Must have been a bit of a shock for you.
Out there.
Would you like a drop of brandy?
No. I think we're gonna
hit the road.
Yeah. Yeah. of course.
You know. we--
we had a really great time.
Well-- Well. I hope so.
I know we can both be...
A bit much.
God! No. No. really.
I mean. you guys have been...
Just a breath of fresh air.
Well. that is very sweet
of you to say.
You're sure I can't quickly make
you some sandwiches for the journey?
That's so kind of you.
but we'll. we'll just stop on the way.
Shit! The tire.
- We'll just drive on it.
- No. they're gonna see it.
We'll be gone.
But they have to open the gate.
All right. Well. again.
thanks so much.
You're all set?
- Yep! Yeah.
- Yeah. Great.
You're kidding.
No!
That is bad luck. Come see.
Yeah. yeah. you got a nail.
That is really. really bad luck.
Well. urn. you have a phone?
I can call the AA.
Behave.
You don't need the AA.
I can plug this in a jiffy. come on.
No. it's fine.
-We got an annual membership.
-It's the least I could do. man.
Come on!
Come give me a hand with the kit.
Won't be a tick.
Just around here.
Do me a favor. Grab that jack.
Right.
Well. why don't we call this.
9O for labor. 7O for parts?
Paddy.
All right. gang. Let's hit the road.
Yeah.
Agnes. you. got everything you need?
Yep.
- Yeah.
- You absolutely sure?
Mom. ..
Urn...
No! How the hell did he get up there?
Ant. did you do that?
I just want to be at home.
Well. you can't leave
without Hoppy. Right. mate?
No. we can't.
I was actually doing the guttering
just before you guys arrived.
You know what. mate? You're taller than
I am. Longer arms and all that.
I'll hold the bottom.
you get up there and grab it.
All good?
Yeah.
Whoop. Sorry. mate. It slipped.
Don't worry. I've got you.
Whoa! Whoa!
Careful. mate. Careful.
That's on you. You all right?
Whoa!
No.
I'm so sorry. Agnes.
I think an animal
must have got to him.
You all right?
It's okay.
We'll get him home
and get him all fixed up.
Well. thank you for coming.
-Bye. Ciara.
-Say goodbye to Agnes.
Come here. big man. hug it up. Yeah.
We won't leave you.
You be safe on those roads. all right?
-Ant.
-Hey. you don't get away.
Come here.
Yeah.
All right.
Well. next time you guys
are in London. just give us a...
Yeah. yeah. definitely.
Yeah. you guys let us know
when you get there.
You could send me a... little text.
Absolutely.
Except you won't. will you?
I'm sorry?
You're still not being
completely honest. are you?
No. we're not.
We've been lying to you.
I mean. we're not gonna
invite you to London. are we?
We're never gonna see you
again. because...
Ben and I. we won't be together.
I betrayed Ben with someone else
because I was deeply unhappy
in my marriage.
And. I've apologized. but it has
become clear this weekend
that maybe Ben and I can't
get past this.
Wow.
Honesty. Finally.
We believe honesty
is the first step to fixing things.
and we think you can.
Ben told me he wants to.
Ben loves you very much. Louise.
I'm sorry.
I don't know why I said all that.
-No.
-No. it's good to get it all out.
I think we should go.
Yeah. we'll send you
the bill for the therapy.
And we'll see you both
in London.
Yeah.
Ant. could you get the gate for us?
Ant!
No need. mate.
All right.
All right. everybody.
just stay nice and calm.
-What about Ant?
-We're going to come back for him.
We can't leave him.
Baby. if we don't get away.
we can't help him.
Okay? You understand that?
All right. Just smile and wave.
Bye!
-Dad! Dad. stop!
-What?
He threw Ant in the lake!
Shit!
-Goddamn it!
-Dad!
-A|| right. take the wheel. Just drive!
-Ben!
Mom. stop!
Ant!
[gunshofl
What do we want here?
We want-- Pay and transfer?
Two hundred grand. fucking tasty.
Make transfer.
pay new payee. and done.
You're never gonna
get away with this.
Mike's already got a buyer
for your car.
Next week. you're gonna send
an email to your landlord
saying you're moving home.
You'll send another to the school
saying the same thing.
You don't know your neighbors.
got no fucking job.
nobody's gonna miss you
in a place like London.
Look. you can have whatever you want.
Just. please. don't hurt my family.
Your perfect fucking family?
You don't even love 'em. mate.
If you did. you'd have left him
in the pond with his parents.
Don't worry. mate.
you'll be with them soon.
Full amount. Transfer.
Why are you doing this?
Because you let us.
You fucking people.
with your gas-free Teslas and your...
line-caught tuna.
Giving yourself a gold star
because you made friends
with a couple with a disabled kid.
Makes me fucking sick.
Agnes. love...
Roll that sleeve up. yeah?
It's all right. It's all right.
It's just veterinary Ketamine.
Not gonna kill her.
It's better to sedate.
Otherwise. they wriggle around
and make a right bloody mess.
Ant will tell you.
It's just. except. he can't.
Ciara. please.
No. you can't let him do this.
It was her who first wanted a kid.
Just never seems to work out.
does it. love?
Maybe this time.
Yeah.
Look. Paddy. please.
Hands behind your back!
Louise! Louise.
please don't leave me here with him.
- Ant!
- You've seen how he hurts me.
I'm a victim here too!
Please. please. please! I was his first!
I was Agnes's age!
Please. you've got to believe me!
Please don't leave me here
with him!
-Fuck her! Come on! Come on.
-Please! Louise. please!
Come on!
Get in!
Shit! Who is that?
- Shit! Shit!
- My God!
In the house!
There's a landline in the house!
Bolt the shutters!
Paddy... Paddy...
Fuck off! This is your fucking fault.
You nearly fucking shot me!
Baby. I need you with me.
Paddy. mate!
Mate. they're in your house.
They're going nowhere.
Mate. I don't mind providing services
and taking my share. but this...
-They see your face. Mike?
-Yeah.
Then you are in this. you like it or not.
Okay.
Um. um...
Telephone! Telephone! Come on!
Thank you.
Urn...
Okay.
No. fuck! It's. urn. 999.
Anything?
Emergency. which service?
What? What?
-|t's gone dead. Um...
-Fuck!
Okay.
Ben. Look.
If we got out there
and then down into the woods.
-I mean. in the dark they--
-No. Louise. they have guns. okay?
They hunt at night.
If they get inside.
they are gonna kill us.
Louise. I don't know what to do.
I don't know!
I don't know. I'm so sorry. Louise.
I should-- Fuck!
I should've listened to you.
-It's okay!
-No. it's not okay!
I should have not let us come!
We shouldn't have stayed!
Ben! Stop it!
Listen to me!
Look at your daughter.
Your family needs you.
Dad. I don't like it.
Look. it's okay. honey.
They're just trying to scare us.
All right?
It's okay. QUYS-
♪" Or is this burning ♪“
♪" An eternal flame ? ♪”
♪” Close your eyes... ♪“
Never forget this. Ben!
♪” Mdarl/hg ♪"
♪" Do you feel my hean' beating? ♪"
A“ Do you understand? a“
♪” Do you feel the same? ♪”
♪" Am I only dreaming ? ♪
A“ Is this burning S'
♪" An eternal flame ? ♪”
♪" Close your eyes ♪”
A“ Give me your hand. darling P
Louise. Louise!
Look. the thatched roof of the barn.
If we could light that on fire.
then someone might see it.
My gosh! Is it gonna work?
God. I don't know.
- It's 150 proof. but...
- ...| don't know.
-A|| right.
-Okay. Okay.
- God. Fast. Go. go.
- Faster.
Ben. go! Jesus!
Okay---
- Jesus!
- Shit! Louise!
- No. Ben! Pick it up!
- Grab it!
All right. Shoot the gun
and I'll throw it.
-It's our last shot. Okay!
-Just shoot the gun. okay?
Fuck!
Okay. go! Go. go!
Did you get it?
Yeah. honey. Help's on the way.
Okay. Come on. let's go. Come on!
Fuck!
Mate. your fucking car's on fire.
Let's finish it?
We've got them
on the hook. Mike.
I told you.
you should just top them first thing.
Why do you do this.
playing with your food?
You're like my mum's cat.
You go and you get
on that roof. yeah?
Okay. you guys sit tight.
You too. HOPPV-
Now. don't move
and you don't make a sound
until you hear
my voice again. okay?
Okay.
Ben. mate?
That you in there?
You gonna give me a little dance. Ben?
You gonna step up?
Or are you gonna let us shit all over you
like that fellow on your wife's phone?
Ben?
If it was just you and him. right.
you've got a gun against his head.
what would you do?
You've blown up
my car. you cheeky cunt.
Was that...
You're gonna have
to pay for that. Ben.
Corning in. Ben!
It's the roof.
Ben.
Honey.
Ant!
Where are you. boy?
I know you can hear me!
You fuck.
Not gonna pretend I'm not angry.
Fuck!
Ya fuck--
Paddy!
Where is she?
Through there.
-Check the cupboard.
-Okay.
Ant. love?
If you make some noise and show us
where you are. we'll go easy on you.
No reason we can't keep you both.
Don't.
and I'm gonna put you feet first
through the fucking wood chipper!
Let's go up.
You fucking--
{Paddy screaming]
-GO! Go. go!
Go! Go! Go. go. go!
Shit!
Go. go. Right there!
Water. Fuck. Water!
Come on. kids. Go ahead.
Go ahead. That way. that way!
Holy shit.
-Grab-- his keys!
-What? What--
His car keys.
Through the loft. The loft.
The loft.
Can you see?
I can see. Look. look.
You-- You have to do this.
You have to go now.
You gotta get after them. all right?
This is your fuck up. love.
You go fix it or it's over.
Gimme.
Fuck! God.
Upstairs.
Okay. Thank God.
Okay. Okay.
Dad!
- Are you okay?
- Yeah.
- Okay. Okay.
Come on. There you go.
- All right. just be careful.
- No.
Get on the ladder.
Ciara?
Ciara!
- Aggie!
- Dad. help me!
-Dad. please!
-I got you!
- God.
- I got you. I got you.
God. Are you okay?
My God!
All right.
Go hide behind the car.
Hey. go through the yard.
Hey.
Go. Go.
Take Ant back to the car.
I'll be right behind you.
We go together.
God.
Ciara?
Hey! Hey!
You throw that gun. Ben.
No.
On. baby.
Ciara. my darling?
Ciara-- My darling.
Please. Please.
Do whatever you want to us.
But please...
This peach?
You think I'm gonna hurt her?
You took my Ciara away from me.
She's all I've got
to take care of me now.
But I promise you both...
we'll look after each other.
-No!
-Fuck!
God!
Okay.
Ant. come on.
Ant. Come on.
That's my boy.
۩_( Subtitle By )_۩
¦¦ NaShWaN AL-YeMeN ¦¦
"I hope You Enjoyed It."
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm